feat(apple): Error Screenshot (#4952)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/screenshots.mdx

description: "Learn more about taking screenshots when an error occurs. Sentry pairs the screenshot with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues."
supported:
  - android
  - apple.ios
notSupported:
  - apple.macos
  - apple.tvos
  - apple.watchos
---

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

</Note>

When a user experiences an error, Sentry provides the ability to take a screenshot and include it as an <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/attachments/">attachment</PlatformLink>.

This feature only applies to SDKs with a user interface, such as the ones for mobile and desktop applications. In some environments like native iOS, taking a screenshot requires the UI thread and in the event of a crash, that might not be available. So inherently, this feature will be a best effort solution.

<PlatformSection supported={["apple.ios"]}>

> On iOS, it's not possible to take a screenshot during hard crashes, only manually captured errors or exceptions will contain a screenshot.

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention that it's not possible. It might be somehow, but we don't support it. 
```suggestion
On iOS, only manually captured errors or exceptions will contain a screenshot.
```

description: "Learn more about taking screenshots when an error occurs. Sentry pairs the screenshot with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues."
supported:
  - android

>   - iOS

Reviewer 2: The page isn't showing up for ios in the preview, so changing the casing to match the folder in case that's the problem.
```suggestion
  - ios
```

When a user experiences an error, Sentry provides the ability to take a screenshot and include it as an <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/attachments/">attachment</PlatformLink>.

This feature only applies to SDKs with a user interface, such as the ones for mobile and desktop applications. In some environments like native iOS, taking a screenshot requires the UI thread and in the event of a crash, that might not be available. So inherently, this feature will be a best effort solution.

> <PlatformSection supported={["apple.io"]}>
> In iOS is not possible to take a screenshot during hard crashes, only manually captured errors or exceptions will contain a screenshot.
> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

<PlatformSection supported={["apple.ios"]}>

On iOS, it's not possible to take a screenshot during hard crashes, only manually captured errors or exceptions will contain a screenshot.

</PlatformSection>
```

You can use the preview to check if the content is correct or not: https://sentry-docs-git-feat-ios-screenshot.sentry.dev/platforms/apple/guides/ios/enriching-events/screenshots/

## Viewing Screenshots

Screenshots appear on the **Issue Details** page, where you can view the thumbnail, as well as associated events. Click the event ID to open the **Issue Details** of that specific event.

> ![Screenshots Thumbnail Example](screenshots/screenshot-thumbnail.png)

Reviewer 3: You can delete this file now: `screenshots/screenshot-thumbnail.png`
